README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

Sujan Karmakar | CSE Undergraduate

I am an undergraduate Computer Science and Engineering student. I focus on improving my skills every day. I am currently interested in learning about Artificial Intelligence and Cybersecurity.


- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...

### 🛠 Tech Stack

**Languages**
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white" alt="C" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white" alt="C++" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white" alt="Java" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54" alt="Python" />
</p>

**Frontend & Frameworks**
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" alt="HTML5" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" alt="CSS3" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23F7DF1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" alt="JavaScript" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white" alt="Bootstrap" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white" alt="Tailwind" />
</p>

**Version Control**
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" alt="Git" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub" />
</p>


- 📫 How to reach me: ...
<p align="left">
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sujan-karmakar"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn" /></a>
<a href="https://leetcode.com/u/sk-05/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LeetCode-FFA116?style=for-the-badge&logo=LeetCode&logoColor=black" alt="LeetCode" /></a>
<a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/profile/sk_05"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Hackerrank-2EC866?style=for-the-badge&logo=HackerRank&logoColor=white" alt="HackerRank" /></a>
</p>

Commit message:

Revise README with personal and academic details
Updated personal introduction and academic focus.

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm Sujan Karmakar 👋

## 🚀 About Me

### I am a Computer Science & Engineering undergraduate driven by the discipline of daily progression and academic excellence.

My approach to growing is built on discipline and the value of time. I try to utilize every bit of my free time to bridge the gap between academic theory and practical application. I believe that steady, incremental growth is the most reliable path to technical mastery.

* **Academic Ambition:** I am currently in the rigorous process of preparing for the **GATE (Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering)**. My goal is to secure a top-tier result to pursue advanced specialization in Computer Science.
* **Current Focus:** Strengthening my foundation in **Backend Development** and **Data Structures & Algorithms (DSA)**.
* **Core Interests:** My passion lies at the intersection of **Artificial Intelligence** and **Cybersecurity**. My fascination with security was sparked during my study of Computer Networks—it remains my favorite subject and my long-term career destination.
* **Daily Goal:** Bridging the gap between competitive exam theory and real-world engineering.

### 🛠 Tech Stack

**Languages**
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white" alt="C" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white" alt="C++" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white" alt="Java" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54" alt="Python" />
</p>

**Frontend & Frameworks**
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" alt="HTML5" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" alt="CSS3" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23F7DF1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" alt="JavaScript" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white" alt="Bootstrap" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white" alt="Tailwind" />
</p>

**Version Control**
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" alt="Git" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub" />
</p>


- 📫 How to reach me: ...
<p align="left">
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sujan-karmakar"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn" /></a>
<a href="https://leetcode.com/u/sk-05/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LeetCode-FFA116?style=for-the-badge&logo=LeetCode&logoColor=black" alt="LeetCode" /></a>
<a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/profile/sk_05"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Hackerrank-2EC866?style=for-the-badge&logo=HackerRank&logoColor=white" alt="HackerRank" /></a>
</p>
